Description of the Domain model

Users: are students and administrator. Each of whom is provided with a username and a password. These two classes are basically inherited by the User class.
Student: is the main element of this model whose attributes are as follows: student’s name, ID number, email address, and program he or she enrolled in. Students can register for courses offered by their department. They can also select to display their course schedules.
 Program Courses: has only one attribute, department to which students belong. The student is adhered to follow their program courses offered by their department.
Course: The following are the attributes of course: name, number, and prerequisite.  
Course Instance: It contains detailed information on courses being offered by the department for current semester. It contains attributes such as the time at which lecture, lab, or tutorial is given, the location and section of the course.
 Preference: Students can choose the days and time a course is offered on according to their preferences. 
Student Record: contains a student’s educational progress and performance . The record is updated by the administrator every semester.
Schedules Generated: The attributes of schedules generated are course name and time slots. Possible schedules are automatically generated by the system based on the courses offered in a particular semester, preferences, and prerequisites. 
Selected Schedule: The student has to select only one schedule from those generated by the system. 
Courses Taken: The attributes are as follows: student ID, course ID, grade and pass. It contains the status of courses taken by the student.
Administrator: The attributes of the administrator are name and contact details. The administrator has the authority to change a section of course being offered to a student and to update student record.
s